Operation Barbarossa, First Chapter

Author: Yossi Kohen
Version: Release Candidate #4
Date: 04/07/2021
======
A visual narrative of Operation Barbarossa, depicted with Sven-Coop style.

The map consists of two chapters. These chapters have two separate map files (i.e. Ch1: operation_barbarossa -> Ch2: operation_barbarossa_ch2)

In the first chapter, you start playing as a German soldier whose name is "Rudolf Schwarz". In the second chapter, you play as a Soviet soldier named "Vitaly Voronin".

The map will start when there are at least 6 players connected to the server.

The play time is expected to be from 45 minutes to 1 hour in total. There will be various tracks playing in the background to make it fully enjoyable.

Enjoy!
======

Episode 1

This chapter depicts the famous "Steiner's Attack" and its consequences.
---
Episode 2

Date: June, 1941
Location: Krakau, General Governorate

The Polish resistance started a small uprising. Your job is to kill all the resistance soldiers in order to pursue through the Eastern Front.
---
Episode 3

Date: July, 1941
Location: Minsk, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic

Your brigade has successfully suppressed the uprising in Krakau and further proceeded to Minsk, Byelorussian SSR.
The soviet soldiers have developed a nuclear weapon, and they plan to drop it on the German soil. Your purpose is to prevent it by fusing the bomb at their own nuclear facility.

This map contains a small puzzle to solve, a little like HL2 puzzles. I will not mention it here to not spoil it.

After arming the bomb for self-detonation, you must evacuate the facility immediately and head off to the evacuation zone marked with a wooden sign. You will not see the explosion, however, I created a realistic 3D sound to simulate the detonation.

You will later see this part again in the next chapter.
---
Episode 4

Date: December, 1941
Location: Moscow, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic

After the bomb detonated and ruined all of their facility, they became desperate and stopped attacking.
You and your team took their position as a chance to pursue further.
You finally reached Moscow.

Your objective is to find the technological advancement of the Soviets' in the KGB headquarters, and to destroy it.

This map contains a radio tower that needs to be interacted.
======
DISCLAIMER

I do not believe in nor endorse the ideas of communism, socialism, fascism, Falangism, Nazism, or national socialism; the map was made as a side-project during my free time purely for fictional purposes. This project does not glorify any nation or entity featured via their music or any other means.

